README.md, before:

# :gear: Collection of Resources for the Line 6 Helix
- :control_knobs: https://line6.com/helix/
- :wrench: https://helixhelp.com/tips-and-guides/helix/welcome
- :memo: https://hmon.ir/helix/fx_finder.htm
- :hotdog: https://hotdogs.no

Table of Contents
1. [The Allure Pack](#TheAllurePack )
2. [Other favourite IR's](#Other-favourite-IR's)
3. [My Favourite HELIX-patch](#My%20Favourite%20HELIX-patch)
4. [Some links to Free IR's](#Some-links to Free IR's)
5. [Versions](#Versions)

## The Allure Pack 
 The Allure Pack is a set of free IRs (impulse responses) created by Dan Boul of 65 Amps (http://65amps.com). Its goal is to emulate the unique dynamic mic’ing style of a world-famous producer known for his 
 impressive guitar tones.

| Filename                                                                                                                        | Origin                    | Notes                                          | 
| :---------------------------------                                                                                              | :------------------------ | :--------------------------------------------- | 
| [Allure_59_Tweed_P10N.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_59_Tweed_P10N.wav)                               | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      |
| [Allure_64_A30_G12.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_64_A30_G12.wav)                                     | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      | 
| [Allure_64_USDeluxe_P12N.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_64_USDeluxe_P12N.wav)                         | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      | 
| [Allure_67_Brit_Greenback.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_67_Brit_Greenback.wav)                       | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      | 
| [Allure_70s_WhoWatt_100.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_70s_WhoWatt_100.wav)                           | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      | 
| [Allure_90s_Cali_V30.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_90s_Cali_V30.wav)                                 | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      | 

## Other favourite IR's
| Filename                                                                                                                        | Origin                    | Notes                                          | 
| :---------------------------------                                                                                              | :------------------------ | :--------------------------------------------- | 
| [Celestion Vintage 30.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Celestion%20Vintage%2030.wav)                           | ?                         | ?                                              | 
| [Cenzo Celestion V30 Mix.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Cenzo%20Celestion%20V30%20Mix.wav)                   | Cenzo Townsend            | https://www.celestionplus.com/free-download/   | 
| [OH 412 MES-ST V60 421-04.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/OH%20412%20MES-ST%20V60%20421-04.wav)               | OwnHammer                 | https://ownhammer.com/                         |
| [OH 412 MES-ST V60 57-00.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/OH%20412%20MES-ST%20V60%2057-00.wav)                 | OwnHammer                 | https://ownhammer.com/                         | 
| [OH 412 TRAD V30-MB1 L BALANCED.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/OH%20412%20TRAD%20V30-MB1%20L%20BALANCED.wav) | OwnHammer                 | https://ownhammer.com/                         | 

 
## My Favourite HELIX-patch
* [Texas Blues.hlx](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Texas%20Blues.hlx)  

## Some links to Free IR's
* https://overdriven.fr/overdriven/
* https://www.acousticir.ovh/
* https://redwirez.com/pages/the-marshall-1960a-ir-pack

## Licensing
[![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)
This stuff is licensed with a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 4.0 license (Attribution, Non-commercial, Share-alike).
 
## Versions
* V1.0 - This version

Commit message:

Added info on IR format

README.md, after:

# :gear: Collection of Resources for the Line 6 Helix
- :control_knobs: https://line6.com/helix/
- :wrench: https://helixhelp.com/tips-and-guides/helix/welcome
- :memo: https://hmon.ir/helix/fx_finder.htm
- :hotdog: https://hotdogs.no

Table of Contents
1. [Some notes on the IR formats](#some-notes-on-the-ir-formats)
2. [The Allure Pack](#the-allure-pack)
3. [Other favourite IR's](#other-favourite-irs)
4. [My Favourite HELIX-patch](#my-favourite-helix-patch)
5. [Some links to Free IR's](#some-links-to-free-irs)
6. [Licensing](#licensing)
7. [Versions](#versions)

## Some notes on the IR formats
### Helix (mono_16bit_48kHz_200ms_2048)
Helix supports nearly all IRs in .WAV format. However, the Helix Edit application may automatically change its attributes before sending it to the Helix hardware:
* Converts all .WAV IRs to 16-bit, 48kHz mono; when loading a stereo file, Helix Edit uses only the left side.
* Shortens (or lengthens) the IR to 2,048 samples. The user may choose a 1,024-sample version to save DSP, which fades out the IR halfway through.

### Powercab (mono_24bit_48000Hz_43ms_2048)
The Powercab 112 Plus device can import IRs by way of the Powercab Edit software.
It is possible to import any mono or stereo .wav file IR, regardless of its bit depth, length, or sample rate frequency.
Once imported, the .wav files are automatically conformed to the compatible IR properties (48kHz, 24-bit, mono, 2048 samples, aka 2048/48000 ~ 43ms)

## The Allure Pack 
The Allure Pack is a set of free IRs (impulse responses) created by Dan Boul of [65 Amps](http://65amps.com). Its goal is to emulate the unique dynamic mic’ing style of a world-famous producer known for his impressive guitar tones.

| Filename                                                                                                                        | Origin                    | Notes                                          | 
| :---------------------------------                                                                                              | :------------------------ | :--------------------------------------------- | 
| [Allure_59_Tweed_P10N.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_59_Tweed_P10N.wav)                               | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      |
| [Allure_64_A30_G12.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_64_A30_G12.wav)                                     | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      | 
| [Allure_64_USDeluxe_P12N.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_64_USDeluxe_P12N.wav)                         | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      | 
| [Allure_67_Brit_Greenback.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_67_Brit_Greenback.wav)                       | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      | 
| [Allure_70s_WhoWatt_100.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_70s_WhoWatt_100.wav)                           | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      | 
| [Allure_90s_Cali_V30.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Allure_90s_Cali_V30.wav)                                 | Line 6 Allure IR Pack     | https://line6.com/allure/                      | 

## Other favourite IR's
| Filename                                                                                                                        | Origin                    | Notes                                          | 
| :---------------------------------                                                                                              | :------------------------ | :--------------------------------------------- | 
| [Celestion Vintage 30.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Celestion%20Vintage%2030.wav)                           | ?                         | ?                                              | 
| [Cenzo Celestion V30 Mix.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Cenzo%20Celestion%20V30%20Mix.wav)                   | Cenzo Townsend            | https://www.celestionplus.com/free-download/   | 
| [OH 412 MES-ST V60 421-04.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/OH%20412%20MES-ST%20V60%20421-04.wav)               | OwnHammer                 | https://ownhammer.com/                         |
| [OH 412 MES-ST V60 57-00.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/OH%20412%20MES-ST%20V60%2057-00.wav)                 | OwnHammer                 | https://ownhammer.com/                         | 
| [OH 412 TRAD V30-MB1 L BALANCED.wav](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/OH%20412%20TRAD%20V30-MB1%20L%20BALANCED.wav) | OwnHammer                 | https://ownhammer.com/                         | 

 
## My Favourite HELIX-patch
* [Texas Blues.hlx](https://github.com/turtelduo/helix/blob/main/Texas%20Blues.hlx)  

## Some links to Free IR's
* https://overdriven.fr/overdriven/
* https://www.acousticir.ovh/
* https://redwirez.com/pages/the-marshall-1960a-ir-pack

## Licensing
[![License: CC BY-NC-SA 4.0](https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/80x15.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)
This stuff is licensed with a Creative Commons BY-NC-SA 4.0 license (Attribution, Non-commercial, Share-alike).
 
## Versions
* v1.1 - Added TOC and merged some more text
* v1.0 - First version
